r311: Set dskit to v0.0.0-20241022223531-b743e70423b6 (#9715)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/configure/configuration-parameters/index.md

# CLI flag: -memberlist.compression-enabled
[compression_enabled: <boolean> | default = true]

# (advanced) How frequently to notify watchers when a key changes. Can reduce

> # CPU activity in large memberlist deployments. 0 to notify without delay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# CPU activity in large member list deployments. Set to `0` to notify without delay.
```

Author: Thank you- I’ll make these changes on the main branch. If I make them here no one will ever see them. 😺
